Min requirements:
	

	Motors + Props
		See ScoutUAV website about motors and prop recommendations
	
	Battery
		LiPo - Do we have a target flight time? Most existing models average around 8-15 mins flight time

	Arduino!
		Nano to save weight? This drives the price up...
		If we are using our arduino as a flight controller, do we need an arduino MEGA as currently laser tag uses all the digital 			pins.

	Raspi!
		Again, model A is lighter but we probably need the specs of the model B

	IMU
		Inertial Measurement Unit - We have a few options here, we probably need 6 degrees of freedom - is it worthwhile going up to 			9? (Adding a magnetometer so we know which direction we're facing NSEW)
		Ardupilot is a bit of an all in one cheaty solution which includes the microcontroller (our arduino would not be used for 			flight control) but it might be a bit of a hollow victory. 
		Sparkfun's 9DOF sensor stick looks like a good candidate assuming we can make it work - do we buy the sparkfun board or 		attempt to make our own? Full schematics are available...

	Frame
		We could try to build this, but since it is likely to be a big cause of any instability or excess weight it might be an area 			to concede and just buy a prebuilt one.

	Wifi adapter

		The usual cheap as chips adapter, or is there something more significant required?

	Radio Control ?
		
		It is possible that all the control needed could be done over WiFi, but would it be safer/more fun to add a more direct radio 			control package? This would need to have 7 control lines at minimum, but may benefit from more.


Features and ideas

Hardware:

	GPS
		
		Reasonably costly and potentially unecessary, but fun to have?
	
	Collision detection/prevention
		
		Some sort of sensor to detect proximity to objects in the world and automatically avoid them?
		Ultrasonic detectors?
		Infrared detectors?

	Altimeter

		To an extent altitude can be calculated based on vertical acceleration, would an actual altimeter be useful?
		A downward pointing rangefinder may be useful for landing/ground hugging applications.

	Camera
		
		Mounted on a servo driven mounting, probably only required for up/down motion since quadcopter should be able to spin easily 			without altering its position.

	Locator beacon
		
		If drone ever crashes in the woods or in a large field, how do we expect to find it? Could we engineer a sufficiently 			lightweight audio/visual beacon of some sort.

	
Software:
	
	Auto return on loss of signal to predefined co-ordinates
	Geofencing - particularly on altitude
	Auto return on low battery + land
	Auto follow mode
	Direct radio control mode (automatic stabilisation and collision prevention / safety features would all stay active)

